Tamara decides to enter this pharmacy she
does so without even letting go of her suitcase
While she is inside we see
Iñigo Nieva very still the wait
seems to be taking forever
minutes later an
apparently tense Tamara leaves the pharmacy
together they leave the airport while they
seem to be talking about what they have in
mind but judging by the smiles that
appear on their faces everything indicates that they are
expecting good news they would have caught
with photographs that prove
Tamara Falcó leaving a pharmacy
with an attitude that would indicate eh
quite a few signs that she could have
gone to buy a predictor in addition,
certain faces and certain smiles
could tell us that the result
would be positive apparently then there was a
call to the pharmacy I imagine
to check and confirm the good
interpretation of that test but we still do
n't know the result we want to
contrast this information and we spoke
with the pharmacist Hello how are
you it was t bad fal with the one who
just attended no and does not need to
buy a pregnancy test are yñ with ia
and Tamara Falcó Expecting a baby